hi my name is Ronnie Conn I'm the
founder and CEO of us harvest us harvest
is about taking abundance and generously
sharing what exists out into the
community
we're all about making sure that good
food doesn't go to waste and then we're
all about making sure that people
understand and know why and how they
contribute to good food going to waste
about educating vulnerable people on how
to eat better how to live a more
nutritious life a more healthy life a
more nurtured life and we also take
young vulnerable Australians
and provide them with a pathway to
employment
parisa song loneliness sings about and
taps into that very very vulnerable
state and a lot of the people who are
here today participating in totally
identify with loneliness is such a
propelling force and what we've done
today by inviting our guests our clients
to participate in today's video train is
is giving them that the feeling that
they have the capacity to contribute
because in a way Teresa so inspirational
if she could get to the place that she's
at there is no reason that each and
every one of those couldn't find their
skills one of each and every one of
those people couldn't find what it is
that is their purpose that actually gets
nurtured and maybe today was that hook
nose hurts rejection hurts me too
and each and every one of us has their
capacity to give when you can share that
with someone who might not be having the
best day or someone who has fallen
between the cracks and the only reason
and difference between them and me is
that at this moment they are there we
are